Standardize field name overrides be consistent with PgRelationsPlugin (#83)
graphile-contrib/pg-many-to-many: README.md

comment on constraint membership_team_id_fkey on p.membership is E'@manyToManyFieldName teams';
```

> The `@manyToManyFieldName` smart comment will override both the connection and simple collection field names (assuming simple collections are enabled). Any modifiers applied by the `connectionField` and `listField` inflections will be applied to the overridden names. For example, to rename both the connection and simple collection fields (assuming simple collections are enabled and that the `connectionField` inflection adds a `List` postfix) to `teams` and `teamsList`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@manyToManyFieldName` smart comment provides the base name for both the connection and simple collection field names (assuming simple collections are enabled). This base name is then fed through the `connectionField` inflector for connection fields (which by default makes no change) and the `listField` inflector for simple collection fields (which by default appends `List`). In the following example, we rename both the connection and simple collection fields (assuming default inflection) to `teams` and `teamsList` respectively:
```

```sql
comment on constraint membership_team_id_fkey on p.membership is E'@manyToManyFieldName teams';
```

The `@manyToManyConnectionFieldName` and `@manyToManySimpleFieldName` smart comments can be used to fully override the connection and simple collection field names respectively without applying the `connectionField` and `listField` inflections. For example, to rename the connection and simple collection fields to `teamsConnection` and `teamsSimple`:

```sql
comment on constraint membership_team_id_fkey on p.membership is E'@manyToManyConnectionFieldName teamsConnection\n@manyToManySimpleFieldName teamsSimple';
```

> The `@manyToManyConnectionFieldName` and `@manyToManySimpleFieldName` smart comments takes precedence over the `@manyToManyFieldName` smart comment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@manyToManyConnectionFieldName` and `@manyToManySimpleFieldName` smart comments take precedence over the `@manyToManyFieldName` smart comment.
```
